take your respect on three so is
practice Texas Tech football opening up
fall camp on Saturday evening in front
of a few thousand fans here at Jones
AT&T Stadium and after an offseason full
of talk and full of hype finally get to
work around the players watch them
improve just stop playing game time
just serve that Christmas it's a fun
time it's a chance to get better you
know you've been waiting and keeps
getting closer and closer you talk a lot
of talking the last one you know you
just want to get out there and show what
you got as a ballclub
we know that nobody in the country is
ready to play right now you know this is
a chance for you to prepare yourself for
the season now get a better month in and
you know I'm excited about it I feel
like a veteran this year's gonna be my
third one and going through three
Springs so nothing's really new to me
just going in you know execute an
offense and having fun
no camps always a good bonding time we
only had 15 practices with these guys
and they've been practicing on their own
all summer but to really fine-tune and
do the coaching points that you like to
do plus just the camaraderie and
building what we think we started off
got off to a good start this spring and
continue to try to build on that as fast
as we can and get as closest to these
kids as we can going into that open and
you're always a little bit nervous but
you know you're more anxious than
anything you're it does it go catch some
balls out there and you know get ready
for the season but you have to play hard
you have to practice harder to where you
kind of begin coming up in two three
weeks you know spring ball is 15
practices getting as good as you can
against one another working on things
that you have set out for you but that's
it
and now fall camp starts and you're
building for the season and right now
everyone's optimistic everyone's excited
everyone's undefeated
you